Support Home | Dell India
Welcome to Dell Support
Welcome to Dell Support
Support for all your needs, in one place. Sign in to get personalized help and access your registered devices, software and existing service requests.
Support for all your needs, in one place. Sign in to get personalized help and access your registered devices, software and existing service requests.
Sign In
Visit Business Support
Need help with Windows?
Identify a product or ask support
There is no match for that Service Tag or product ID. Please try again, auto-detect or choose from all products
You are not authorized to view this product. For more details,
click here
.
Enter a product identifier, model, service request or describe what you are looking for.
How to find your product identifier
Search
You could also
detect this PC automatically
Detect This PC
Loading
Recently Viewed
Loading
My Products
Loading
Select another device
Select another device
Identify Or Search
Detect This PC
View This PC
Recently Viewed
Browse All Products
My Products
Drivers & Diagnostics
Update drivers and automatically detect common hardware issues.
Scan features are not available because you are using a discontinued version of Dell SupportAssist. Download and install the latest version by
clicking here.
Sign in to Windows as an admin to use automatic scan. If your're already signed in as an admin and seeing this message, please reboot.
Your system is managed by your IT admin and features might be limited.
Update Drivers
Update Drivers
Find Drivers
Scan Hardware
Scan Hardware
Loading drivers data
Loading diagnostics data
Service Requests
Submit a new request, view open requests or find an expert for help.
Visit Service Requests
Loading data
Support Services
View warranty status and coverage options for your assets.
Manage Support Services
Order Support
Check your order status, view invoices or request a return.
Find Order Status
Topics that might interest you
Support Library
Find articles and tutorials to help troubleshoot and maintain your devices.
Find Articles
Support Videos
A library of videos to help you discover features, troubleshoot issues and more.
Watch Support Videos
Community
Join users like yourself to find answers or share your knowledge with others.
Join Community
Manuals
Explore manuals for information on maintenance, troubleshooting and technical specs.
Find Manuals
Recommended
Recently Viewed
Most Popular
Resolve No Power, No POST, No Boot or No Video Issues
Last updated 20 Apr 2026
How To Troubleshoot No POST, No Power, No Video Issues on a Dell Desktop
Last updated 20 Apr 2026
What is Dell Audio?
Last updated 26 Sep 2025
How to Troubleshoot Hard Drive Encryption Issues
Last updated 07 May 2026
Battery Storage Mode and how it affects the CMOS Battery shelf life
Last updated 22 Apr 2026
Loading…
Loading…
Services management and analytics for IT infrastructure.
IT Asset Management
Procedures to install, upgrade and replace IT infrastructure.
SoIVe
Self-dispatches and monitoring for client devices and servers.
TechDirect
More options to explore
Software Licenses
View and manage subscriptions, products, software and licensing.
Manage Subscriptions
My Products and Services
Manage your personal and business devices, and find support.
Sign In
My Account
Manage your accounts, settings, passwords, software and licenses.
Sign In
Contact Support
Contact us for technical issues, order support or other questions.
Contact Support
Contact Support
Technical Support
Get help with your PC hardware or software
Order Support
Get help with recent purchase
Virtual Assistant
Hello, I can help you troubleshoot an issue or find support information.