Sign In | Dell US
Windows 10 support has ended.
Act now.
Secure your system and improve performance - upgrade now to Dell Windows 11 PCs.
Shop Now
Learn More
Some features are not available with Internet Explorer 11 you’re using. Please use other browsers to sign in.
Sign In
Verify Your Identity
Google Sign In
Email Address
Single sign-on enabled. Please continue to sign in using your SSO credentials.
Sign In as
Change
Password
Enter the text displayed above
Create or Reset password
or
Sign In with Passkey
Don't have a Dell account?
Create an account
Need help signing in?
View FAQ
Windows 10 support has ended.
Act now.
Secure your system and improve performance - upgrade now to Dell Windows 11 PCs.
Shop Now
Learn More
Minimize Chat
Full Screen
Close Full Screen
How can I help you?
I can help with your account settings, profile, and Dell Rewards. I can also help you view orders, track shipping status, find support and answer PC-related questions.
By using
the Dell
our
Virtual Assistant, you agree to the
Dell Transparency Statement.
Responses are generated using AI so be sure to verify accuracy.
Select a topic or enter your specific information.
Validate One-Time Passcode
Reset My Password
Receive One-Time Passcode
Enter your product question
0
/200
Recording stopped
Maximum character limit reached
Please verify responses.
Transparency Statement
Use Microphone
Stop Response
Upload files
Transparency Statement
Hello, I'm a Virtual Assistant. I can help you with questions about Dell products and services.
I use AI to process your questions and generate answers, and our interaction is monitored and recorded. If you do not want to be monitored or recorded, please do not interact with me. I am still learning and sometimes my answers may lack context or may not contain all data that you might be seeking, so please also review the information available on Dell.com.
I can only answer questions about Dell products and services. Any information you share with me will be stored for up to 30 days. This information may be used to train me and improve my responses, and could potentially be shared with other parties for processing, support, or other uses related to me but will not be available to other parties for their own use. You can review the
Dell Privacy Statement.
AI-generated responses may not always be accurate. Service and product availability varies by region. For more details, contact Sales Support.
If you're using a public or shared device, be sure to close the browser session when you're finished.
If you are an adult over the age of 18 and want to proceed, please select the "Continue" button.
Continue
End Chat
Thanks for helping us improve the Virtual Assistant experience.
The chat will not be saved and can't be resumed later.
End Chat
Keep Chatting
Close Canvas
Virtual Assistant
New
AI Assistant
Hi,  I can help you with questions about your account, orders, and Dell Rewards.