Kubernetes Containers - K8s & Containers Management | Dell India
Register Now
How can we help you?
Chat with Sales
Mon – Fri, 9:30AM - 12AM (Business)
Request a Sales Callback
Technical Support
Order Support
Contact Us
Contact Us
Kubernetes and Containers
KUBERNETES AND CONTAINERS
Modern applications for modern IT
Visit the Community
Watch Video
Overview
Products & Solutions
Distribution Support
Next Steps & FAQ
Enterprise-ready infrastructure for your Kubernetes environments
Accelerate application modernization with Dell's end-to-end solutions and tools for containers and Kubernetes
Choose your Kubernetes
Dell has solutions for all 6 top commercial Kubernetes distributions.
Platform your way
Tailor to your hosting approach based on your need for the right level of control and management.
Enjoy financial flexibility
Align payment to resource consumption for ultimate CapEx / OpEx flexibility.
Kubernetes and Container Solutions
Explore our end-to-end portfolio of application modernization solutions.
Viewing
of 3
/
3
Dell Private Cloud
Deploy, manage, and scale your private cloud ecosystems for Red Hat OpenShift.
KEY BENEFITS:
Open and modular infrastructure on-premises
Bring your own Red Hat OpenShift subscriptions
Explore Dell Private Cloud →
Dell Container Storage Modules
Simple, automated experience for enterprise storage and cloud native stateful apps.
KEY BENEFITS:
Improved productivity and scalable Kubernetes data storage operations
Advanced capabilities for authorization, replication, resiliency, observability, and snapshots
Explore Dell Container Storage Modules →
Dell PowerProtect Data Manager
Protect and secure your cloud native applications with enterprise-grade data protection for any size business.
KEY BENEFITS:
Meet continuity and compliance requirements
Discovery, protection and management of your container and Kubernetes deployments
Explore Dell PowerProtect Data Manager →
Building smarter solutions in partnership with Red Hat
Dell partners closely with Red Hat to build integrated solutions that deliver the highest level of value to our joint customers running Red Hat OpenShift on Dell infrastructure. This includes products such as our Dell Private Cloud, as well as the enablement of key technology for your IT environment such as KubeVirt and our Dell Container Storage Modules. Discover how this partnership and Dell's OpenShift container platform solutions give you a consistent application platform for the management of cloud-native apps.
Learn About Dell's Red Hat OpenShift Solutions
Additional Kubernetes distribution support
Viewing
of 5
/
5
INFOHUB WHITEPAPERS
VMware Tanzu with Dell
Learn More →
INFOHUB RESOURCES
SUSE Rancher Resources
Explore Resources →
BLOG POST
Microsoft Azure Hybrid Ecosystem
Read Blog Post →
SOLUTION BRIEF
Canonical and Kubernetes
Read Solution Brief →
WHITEPAPER
Amazon EKS Anywhere on Dell Powerflex
Read Solution Brief →
Next steps
Explore Consulting Services for cloud native applications
Innovate and respond to an ever-changing marketplace and technology landscape.
Access Services Information →
Join our community to discuss Kubernetes best practices
Open up discussion with Dell's experts and other customers exploring Kubernetes.
Join Our Community Today →
Frequently asked questions
Discover how Dell delivers value for your containerized workloads.
What Kubernetes distributions does Dell support?
Dell supports all of the six main commercial Kubernetes distributions, including Red Hat OpenShift, VMware Tanzu, SUSE Rancher, Microsoft AKS, Amazon EKS, and Google Anthos. Additionally, Dell supports many open source Kubernetes distribution options such as vanilla Kubernetes and Canonical.
Can Dell's customers use open source software for the monitoring, management, and operations of their preferred Kubernetes distribution?
Yes, when running Kubernetes distributions on Dell infrastructure, you can leverage a variety of open source technologies and software. For example, through our Dell Container Storage Modules, customers can integrate Prometheus and Grafana to meet telemetry and observability requirements.
What storage options are supported for customers looking to run Kubernetes distributions on Dell Infrastructure?
When running Kubernetes distributions on Dell infrastructure, you can select from a variety of supported storage options, such as Dell PowerStore, Dell PowerScale, Dell PowerFlex, Dell PowerMax, and Dell Unity XT.
Compare
Compare Products (
)
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Hide
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Previous Page
Next Page
Compare Products