Contact Us | Dell India
How can we help you?
Chat for Warranty Renewal
Mon - Fri: 09:00 am to 6:00 pm IST
Technical Support
Contact Us
Contact Us
Contact Us
Contact Us
Help and IT Support
More Services and Support
Corporate, Partner, and Membership Programs
Need More Help?
We’re here for you
Viewing
1-4
of 4
1-4
/
4
.
Get tech support and IT help
Identify your device to resolve technical issues yourself or contact tech support for more help.
Contact Technical Support
Find a Service Center
Chat for Warranty Renewal
Contact Us to extend or upgrade your Support Services so you can stay up and running with minimal repair costs.
Chat with Us Online
Check your orders
View order status, invoices, and contact support.
Please be advised that orders placed through the Dell Store can only be tracked within the Dell Store platform.
Find Dell Store Order
Contact Order Support
Request a sales callback
Fill out our form and we’ll call.
Get a Callback
Quick resources
Returns
We want you to love your product or you can return it within 14 days.*
Please be advised that Dell provides different return policy guidelines based on where the product was purchased.
If you are an end user customer and wish to return a product that you have directly purchased from Dell in India, the relevant return policy is available at:
https://www.dell.com/en-in/lp/return-policy
.
If your order was placed through the
Dell Store
, the relevant return policy is available at:
https://www.dellstore.com/return-policy
.
Hours of operation
Chat for Warranty Renewal
Mon-Fri, 9am to 6pm
More services and support
Shop Dell Premier
Shop from a tailored and customisable site.
View Dell Premier
Enterprise Accounts
Sign in to manage your enterprise account and assets.
Sign In here
Visit the Dell Community
Browse product forums, FAQs and announcements.
Get Community Help
Find a Partner
Locate an authorized partner near you.
Search Dell Partners
Partner Support
Find help regarding Dell Technologies Partner Program or seek assistance with access issues.
Get Partner Support
Visit Store Locator
Locate a partner store in your area.
Visit Store Locator
International Support
Travelling out of country? Find support here.
Get International Support
Corporate information
Learn More About Us
Check out our newsroom, investor relations, social impact plan, and recycling solutions.
Visit Dell Corporate
View Our Legal Terms
Find terms of sales, warranty info, and return policies.
View Our Legal Terms
Where to find us
Corporate Address
Dell International Services India Private Limited,
Crystal Downs, Survey no. 7/1, 7/2, 7/3,
Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Off-Intermediate Ring Road,
Domlur, Challaghatta Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bengaluru- 560071,
Karnataka, India.
Support
Contact Technical Support
Contact Order Support
Dispute Resolution
Grievance Officer
Mr. Saikat Ray
Director, Technical Support
For unresolved issues please write to: grievanceofficer@dell.com
Nodal Officer
Mr. Randeep Gill
Legal Counsel
Dispute Resolution
Crystal Downs,
Survey no. 7/1, 7/2, 7/3,
Embassy Golf Links Business Park,
Off-Intermediate Ring Road, Domlur,
Challaghata Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bengaluru– 560071,
Karnataka, India.
Disclaimer
: In order to assist you effectively with your complaint please provide following mandatory information, so that our team can get back to you and take this further.
Dell Case Number
Purchase Invoice (attach a copy, file not exceeding 400kb)
Requested Resolution
Your Details (Phone number and Email)
Preferred Time for Contact
If you don’t have a Case Number, please click here to contact Dell Support and log in your issue. Please note that in absence of the details mentioned above Dell shall not be able to take cognizance of and assist you with your complaint.
Please note:
This e-mail box is dedicated only for India based consumer complaints related to Dell products and services, and we will not respond to any other topic.
Service Centers
Locate an authorized carry-in service center in your region.
Find a Service Center
Compare
Compare Products (
)
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Hide
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Previous Page
Next Page
Compare Products