Disaggregated Infrastructure | Dell India
How can we help you?
Chat for Warranty Renewal
Mon - Fri: 09:00 am to 6:00 pm IST
Technical Support
Contact Us
Contact Us
Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors
Learn More about Intel
Disaggregated Infrastructure
Disaggregated Infrastructure
Adaptable, Secure, Automated: Welcome to the next era of IT Infrastructure.
Watch Video
Request a Callback
Benefits
Portfolio
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Bridge the gap between simplicity and flexibility
Transform your IT environments into an open ecosystem with dynamic scaling of compute, networking, and storage as shared resource pools. Dell delivers a no-compromise solution for disaggregated infrastructure, empowering your business to modernize, innovate, and grow with confidence.
Flexible
Realize 3-Tier’s independent scalability and resource optimization that allows you to optimize costs and avoid vendor lock-in.
Shared Resource Pools
Combine the management of shared compute, networking, and storage resources with software-driven automation.
Simple
Maintain Hyperconverged Infrastructure’s (HCI) streamlined, single stack support workflows with automated lifecycle management and centralized operations.
WHY CHOOSE DELL DISAGGREGATED INFRASTRUCTURE?
#1 in Enterprise Infrastructure
1
Open Ecosystem
Avoid vendor lock-in by leveraging unmatched flexibility and broad partner support across your entire stack.
Intrinsic Data Security
Security is built into every layer of the infrastructure and backed by a secure supply chain, providing proactive protection to keep your operations running confidently.
Software-Driven Automation
Streamline deployment and management of private cloud solutions, while delivering seamless, stack-wide automation.
DELL PRIVATE CLOUD
Over 90% fewer steps to provision vs. manual deployment
2
Experience performance, scalability, cost efficiency, and intelligent orchestration with Dell Private Cloud, built on disaggregated infrastructure—delivering the simplicity and flexibility you need to evolve your cloud on your own terms.
Explore Dell Private Cloud
Dell Private Cloud Video
DELL POWERSTORE
21% Lower five-year costs compared to an HCI solution
3
PowerStore's latest release gives you more freedom to build a private cloud that fits your needs. Whether you prefer to DIY or fast-track with Dell Private Cloud, PowerStore provides a flexible, efficient foundation for modern disaggregated solutions.
Explore PowerStore
Analyst Insights
Resources
WHITEPAPER
Accelerating innovation with Dell Disaggregated Infrastructure
Discover how Dell combines 3-tier flexibility with HCI simplicity to solve today’s IT challenges.
Read Whitepaper
REPORT
Principled Technologies Report
See how PowerStore’s data efficiency and licensing model make it a cost-effective alternative to HCI.
Read Report
Related offerings
Viewing
of 5
/
5
SOLUTION
Dell PowerScale
Fuel GPU-intensive servers with a scalable data solution for AI workloads.
Explore PowerScale
SOLUTION
Dell PowerEdge
Accelerate transformation anywhere with intelligent, secure, and purpose-built servers.
Explore PowerEdge
SOLUTION
Dell AIOps
Get intelligent insights to help reduce risk, plan ahead, and improve productivity.
Explore AIOps
SOLUTION
Dell PowerFlex
Comprehensive and adaptable software-defined infrastructure that combines compute and block storage.
Explore PowerFlex
SOLUTION
Dell PowerProtect
Data protection that meets the cyber resilience and multicloud needs of any organization.
Explore PowerProtect
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Disaggregated Infrastructure?
Disaggregated infrastructure transforms IT operations by offering dynamic, flexible scaling of networking, compute, and storage as shared resource pools. Key benefits include open and flexible compute capabilities, improved resource utilization with fewer servers and reduced licensing costs, simpler patching and lifecycle management, and superior efficiency across the organization. Dell’s disaggregated solutions leverage best-in-class technologies like PowerEdge servers and PowerStore storage, delivering unprecedented operational value.
How is disaggregated infrastructure different from traditional three-tier architecture or HCI?
Traditional 3-tier architecture separates compute, storage, and networking, offering flexibility but requiring significant manual setup. On the other hand, hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) unifies these elements for simpler management but can limit flexibility. Disaggregated infrastructure bridges the gap by combining the simplicity of HCI with the flexibility of traditional systems.
Choose your next steps
Connect with a Dell Advisor to discuss your specific needs
﻿
Get expert strategy and resources with Professional Services
﻿
Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors
Learn More about Intel
Compare
Compare Products (
)
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Hide
Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.
Previous Page
Next Page
Compare Products